If you're not telling secrets, who cares?


Where to Start
Build up site: About Page, template I really like, logo??
Outlines for posts, group recipes with similar ingredients? Makes more sense monetarily and I can just vary when I post them




SCHEDULING
Ideally: once a week
How to get there: build up schedule, have back up posts, idea plans and outlines for posts
Ideally, post once a week, but maybe start twice a month.  Gives enough time to bake at least two batches of whatever I’m making.
Maybe post a story or something else every other week. So I can do a post a week, they just won’t all have recipes.  Two food/meal based entries, two recipe based entries.


Post details that I would want in a recipe, questions I have in the kitchen




POST IDEAS
Recipes
Food/restaurant reviews/products?
Research
        Food writing, blogs, reviews, stories
BLOG - research styles of photos, writing, necessary details to include
Photography - take notes
Histories of foods, spices
        Where do ingredients come from
        Why are they important.
        How long have they been available or popular
Meals/Food Writing/stories - more creative
Thoughts
Sculpting with Baking: owl cookies, brioche, send out holiday/season cookies
Have dinners/brunches


SERIES VS CATEGORIES
SERIES
Dinners or brunches. 
English Muffins
Savory Breakfast Muffins?/Hunt for the best breakfast muffin - Cheese, meat, walnuts, veg 
proteins?, spinach
Ice Cream


CATEGORIES
Breads and crackers.
Pastry, what besides cookies
Cookies


RECIPE IDEAS
Oatmeal Fudge Bars  but with graham crust
Piped cookie
Banana cake truffles (binder: maple syrup and buttermilk? Dark chocolate and walnuts with maple sugar. Added cinnamon and cardamom)
Toasted marshmellow rice crispy with chocolate and graham crust (from Milk bar?) -can I puff rice? Reference slab sandwiches smores krispie, there's a crunch but it's a stale crunch, like the rice isn’t toasted
Herbed poundcake buttermilk
Cardamom cookies 
English Muffins-new kinds, rye? buckwheat? herbed? Corn!
Pistachio Shortbread with Cocao Nibs and Rose Buttercream - paired with story, dedication to Callie, include pictures of cacti shaped, but ideally might be circular with little roses
Fish Spread-simple, but great paired with English Muffins - could I have a series of pairs? sardines? use a cheap fish
Ginger Bran Muffin - fresh ground spices, with honey or molasses or maple syrup? candied ginger pieces? something to counter the bite
Garlic Bread - with large chunks of garlic in it. chives or green onions, in bread.  garlic flakes on the outside? Crusty.
Chili Cookie - Dried pepper. Maybe the spicy kind from Trader Joes? dried. Substitute with Red Chilis?  Sweetness, apricot? peach? marmelade?
Bialys- tradition onion and poppy seed, but also spicy sesame seed? Everything bialy? Was there a salted coconut with red chili? w/spicy sesame and/or salted coconut filling. 
Rosemary Pepper Walnut Bread - enough pepper to have speckles throughout
Olive Bread - mixed olives? pepper? balsamic? basil?
Crackers - whole wheat, cheese, nut cracker?, MOTHER cracker recipe? Pumpkin, Whole wheat with sesame, chocolate (!!), parmesan basil, coconut (with coconut oil and coconut flour? salted), rye, Sourdough crackers? http://projectcracker.tumblr.com/
Chocolate bread
Graham cracker cake with toasted marshmallow chocolate ganache
Earl Grey with a blueberry infused milk cookie? muffin
RR’s NY Cheesecake
Grape ice cream with peanut butter brittle - little frozen grapes? And add cream cheese
Lime shortbread with cacao nibs or the lime meltaways?
Corn zucchini cheddar muffins
Chocolate cupcakes with goat cheese lemon filling/frosting/dollop and basil?
Coconut cake with dark chocolate coconut ganache, toasted almonds
Good shortbread cookie…lemon ginger, chunks of candied ginger w/ brown butter; Lemon mint
Rosemary pine nut cookies http://www.lottieanddoof.com/2012/02/rosemary-pine-nut-cookies/
Savory Spiral buns/rolls, like cinnamon but with herbs and garlic, butter?
Waffle Cone Milk Ice cream?
Snickerdoodle revisited
Pretzel ice cream with blueberries
Honeydew balsamic ice cream
Bran Muffin with Coconut (use bran cereal
Cinnamon cookies - pipe and make a chocolate filling, white chocolate? What brings out cinn.
Corn muffin, make it hardy, freeze dried corn, corn meal not flour, maple? Butter honey (or maple? Glaze? Nuts in it? Yogurt chips?
Praline topped Blondies


FOOD STORIES  list of meals, foods, stories to write/tell
First Date at Ana Perna
New Orleans
Bread in German
Oatmeal in Scotland?

TRAVEL - Why for each place and start learning about the food
New Orleans
Germany


ORGANIZE my drive.  One folder for mess, one for all of this.  Make it into an overly labeled and organized virtual binder.  Keep the kitchen clean.  Notebook or something. One doc for notes.  Keep it together.  I have such a terrible version of the notes on scraps.  Collect.  


**Create Syllabus of things to bake and research based off IFC Pastry program?? 
TO BUY FOR PHOTOS: better plates, large thin wooden cutting boards or other good background




People to email: 


Chris & Brian- guidance, how they make time for it.